The power of this miserable dissipation is really not covered
Even life is hard to resist for long
How are you?
Immortal of Nine Tails
Let's go
Confess to the expressway, I got it back, okay?
Now it's my turn.
No, I'm going to kill this castle temple
Let him three no angels
If they eat the Overlord Pill
greatly increased skills
I'm afraid I'm going to kill you with one hit
This is the sky above the sea.
Snake and eagle kill
What a great prestige
Go on like this
I wouldn't last a minute before I died
The serpent and the eagle
Earth-shattering power
Only the ninja gods can crack it
And you're ecstatic
Then the skill is like the seven dangers of the big drop
You are going to die here today too
YES YES YES
circle
There's no way to kill me yet
How did you break the circle?
Now it's time for the two of us to settle the bill